Recently, as this respitory history showns that I uploaded "c1.pdf"
The pdf itself contains the initial story of my life in which I talks about the dead

now, I really wanted to rethink about myself
I haven't have any focus on doing stuff that I wanted
Everytime I did, it's only the distraction to ease the pain in my head.
Rather than thinking the same loop over and over again, I just did something.
But it became a hobby rather than exploration
hobby makes my mind goes back to the loop again.

Envy is one thing I mainly struggle at and it getting larger that feeded by the internet.
I envy for those who have skillful
I envy for those who are finacially stable
I envy for those who took HRT
I envy for those who have relationship
I envy for those who have friends that they found
I envy for those who have great body.

I lived on the urban areas where I lived in a double deck bedframe in second floor that 
I designed to put divison,tables and power outlets for me to do something with privacy
It looks like a "swatter" or a poor person who made it's own house with different kinds
of material that they can found.

I really don't want that to show to some people about my current place status

Secondly, I have an armoury that is former room of my auntie
It's well design before but it's looks like a temporary base of US Army in the
afgan war times.
Different DIY, manmade holes for entrance etc.
I don't have plans to change it because it's my workstation where I did something
dirty to the point that my hands and clothes are having many dirt,oil etc.

but I intensively clean it myself afterwards. 
It's like a isolated lab where scientist must clean themselves in order not to have
infection

I did have breakup recently and it quite bad
I don't want to share it more because it's really quite horrible and it will look bad
to that person I have relationship with

I think it's my first time and I really learned my lesson there
I really don't know why she did that but does it matter? no

My bedroom or what I called before "The asylum" is destroyed and being renovated
My plans on starting HRT is postponed because I need the money to renovate

I really don't have any friends to atlease distracts me from my breakup
there's only one true friend that I know from canada that helps me but I'm quite 
scare that I'm going to be burden to her. that help she did is enough and I must
move on

I have struggle to loss weight because:
1, I don't have much physical activity 
2, It's hard to lose weight when BMI status is achieve
I wanted to lose fats on belly and the arm
thighs are quite big in my taste
below leg are quite having large muscle due to airsoft and my hated hormones in my body.

since that breakup, my study is getting messed up
that small loop that I really wanted to remove suddenly became big
I didn't give her wants because I don't want that
so she did that

I have not been able to enjoy games anymore
I been thinking and thinking and thinking without actually doing it
I wept for thousand of tears in pain alone
and when I woke up, my heart ache, my head ache, and my soul are numb
I just wrote my suicide note
if that would ever happens, it's failed for me

sometimes I think,
my problem is small and other people's problems are harder than mine
like,
They scolded, mocked, punished or cursed
even got kicked out from their house
and it's either stay in someone's place or just working
even having sex for money

fuck, I just think right now, she wishes to be prostitude
just to please her sexual desires
disgusting, ew

I really wanted to remove this from my mind
like if I really did, i just put a bullet in my head

I don't wanna got drunk or got smoke
since I need my body for airsoft activities
I been weak recently

simple task in this open university, i cannot do
Irrational self talks about wanting to die
but the rational self.... nothing

I just pushing myself in my limit everytime
I wanted to have the privilage to get tired of what I wanted

I giving almsot all my skills for free
it's rather good feel than receiving something back

I wanted to feel love
but loving myself is quite hard
because through my life, I been focused loving on somebody
I don't know how to love myself
I just wanted to kill it

in additional to killing it, 
This part of the text may be used in evidence
anger is making me think of how I wanted to kill someone specifically
like, how I torture them or I wanted to make them suffer
sort of like that
I don't know why I'm thinking of that

I wanted to do something I wanted
soon.

I been archiving files lately
I don't know what should I do to these

I hate doomscrolling since it mocks my brain 

I think im going to bag down
6/4/26 - Mikato’s word vomit
