it's a very well word vomit in this session.

I just played airsoft today and encounter my fellow teammate is
struggle with heartbreak where it's so similar to mine recently.

I just saw myself in third person view.

I just kept my mouth shut and let the other members gives opinion
"The solution to girl is girl too."
that's the opinion of the elder of the group

but I don't mind their opinion but 
In my view,
What can i give opinion to that person
or
What can I give opinion to myself?


It's clear that love is undefined by younger ages like me
it's rather be experience than to read.
Even I already experience it, it's still gives a wide meaning of it

but I remember my meaning of love and
There's two types of it:
Love through caring
Love through lust

I always beg in the highest that I don't want myself to have lust and
I wanted to learn how to love through caring
The satisfaction in relationship

I think there's two relationship (i don't know) history of mine
one is 
and the other

The first one is what I admire the most
The recent... I just connect it because of the lonliness in my heart.

The recent proposal to breakup is far more disrespectful than the first one
getting drunk just to tell to me that she found someone in very unclear way.

The first one, I think, It's quite understandable.
She needs that.
Well, it's the same as my recent really
based on the past relationship of her to someone I know.

I really don't like lust, erotic, sex
it's not how love works
it's not making love, it's just sex

There's difference of making love and sex based on my opinion:
making love means that person you doing it means alot
having sex is just, only tasting and just a pleasurement, a temporary hapiness

I saw and heard many, many people wants sex
The libido that rise through their youth.
The taste of the risk and the dopamine rising to the brain like a injection being
inject through the vein and then to the brain.

they do different things just to get that dopamine.
like a bitch craving for sex.
posting and bragging about their activities
begging for someone to fuck them
like a bitch craving for sex.
sending erotic shots,moaning and recording themselves
like a bitch craving for sex.
cheating, mocking, threesome, group
like a bitch craving for sex.
crossdress, roleplay, imagining scenarios
like a bitch craving for sex.
begging to get choke, to get hang, to get fuck and raped, gangbang and shit
like a bitch craving for sex.
such a bitch craving for sex.

...
well, let's get calm about it.

what is love?
6/7/26 - Mikato’s word vomit
6-7 eyyyy
